Fix Animation handling in Modal component (#1489)
seek-oss/braid-design-system: .changeset/calm-fireants-exist.md

---
'braid-design-system': patch
---

---
updated:
  - Drawer
---

> Fix minor bug which disabled `Drawer` and `Dialog` exit animations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix minor bug which prevented the `Drawer` and `Dialog` exit animations from occurring.
```
